HTTP 1.1  VS HTTP 2
-------------------

HTTP 1.1 : 
    HTTP stand for Hyper text protoco, it is used for clinet side communication.
    If we send a request we get a response (client asking for a information & server 
    response it back). HTTP1.1 was created in 1997 & HTTP2 was created in 2015.

    For better underatnding lets asssume a we need information on Shakespeare novel.
    when a request via HTTP1.1 -> it will send one single page of novel at a time, then 
    again request then second page will appear and time consuming for this transfer will
    take much longer and several request and sereval response.

    While sending a request and getting a response TCP (Transmission Control Protocol), works 
    in between to transfer request and response. where the connection will not
    lost because we keep the live header alive so the connection is still open between
    clent and server. Thus there is a persistent connection which means several requests
    & responses are merged in a single connection. For these kind of drawbacks in 2015
    HTTP2 was created.     

HTTP 2 : 

    HTTP2, Which came to make the performace better and bug fix of HTTP 1.1 was solved
    which is currently in use.

    What makes HTTP2 Special:
        It takes a request from the client and gives the full response at one streach. 
        Like the example we saw before novel of Shakespeare request is send and it comes
        will all the information images and any video rendering that contains. So one request
        full information of that particular request was send fully to client. So he
        can use it at his comfort. Were the connection on TCP ends after that response.
        HTTP2 WORKS IN A BINARY FORMAT to make is response fast.



        HIGH LIGHTS: 

        HTTP1.1                                     

        1 . It works on text format.
        2.  There is a head line blocking which
            keeps behind the other request. Until 
            first request is completed.
        3.  It compress data by itself.


        HTTP 2 

        1.  It works on binary format.
        2.  No head blocking, information receives in 
            single request.
        3.  It uses HPACK for data compression.
            (a compression format for efficiently 
            representing HTTP header fields)           